{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red48\green48\blue48;\red255\green255\blue255;\red88\green88\blue88;
\red101\green101\blue101;\red39\green45\blue51;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c24706\c24706\c24706;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c41961\c41961\c41961;
\cssrgb\c47059\c47059\c47059;\cssrgb\c20000\c23137\c26275;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid3\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li2160\lin2160 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{none\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'00;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs38 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Privacy Policy of 
\b LabTablet
\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf4 \cb3 This Application collects some Personal Data from its Users.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b\fs34 \cf2 \cb3 Policy summary\cb1 \
\cb3 Personal Data collected for the following purposes and using the following services:\cb1 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1
\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Device permissions for Personal Data access
\b0 \cf4 \cb1 \
\pard\tx1660\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-2160\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl2
\b \cf5 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Device permissions for Personal Data access\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Personal Data: Approximate location permission (continuous), Approximate location permission (non-continuous), Bluetooth sharing permission, Calendar permission, Camera permission, Contacts permission, HomeKit permission, Microphone permission, Motion sensors permission, Phone permission, Precise location permission (continuous), Precise location permission (non-continuous), Reminders permission, Sensors permission, SMS permission, Social media accounts permission and Storage permission\cb1 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf4 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b\fs34 \cf2 \cb3 Full policy\cb1 \
\cb3 Data Controller and Owner\cb1 \
\cb3 Types of Data collected\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs26 \cf4 \cb3 Among the types of Personal Data that this Application collects, by itself or through third parties, there are: Calendar permission, Contacts permission, Camera permission, Precise location permission (continuous), Precise location permission (non-continuous), Approximate location permission (continuous), Approximate location permission (non-continuous), Microphone permission, Phone permission, Sensors permission, SMS permission, Storage permission, Reminders permission, HomeKit permission, Motion sensors permission, Bluetooth sharing permission and Social media accounts permission.\cb1 \
\cb3 Complete details on each type of Personal Data collected are provided in the dedicated sections of this privacy policy or by specific explanation texts displayed prior to the Data collection.\cb1 \
\cb3 The Personal Data may be freely provided by the User, or, in case of Usage Data, collected automatically when using this Application.\cb1 \
\cb3 All Data requested by this Application is mandatory and failure to provide this Data may make it impossible for this Application to provide its services. In cases where this Application specifically states that some Data is not mandatory, Users are free not to communicate this Data without any consequences on the availability or the functioning of the service.\cb1 \
\cb3 Users who are uncertain about which Personal Data is mandatory are welcome to contact the Owner.\cb1 \
\cb3 Any use of Cookies \'96 or of other tracking tools \'96 by this Application or by the owners of third-party services used by this Application serves the purpose of providing the service required by the User, in addition to any other purposes described in the present document and in the Cookie Policy, if available.\cb1 \
\cb3 Users are responsible for any third-party Personal Data obtained, published or shared through this Application and confirm that they have the third party's consent to provide the Data to the Owner.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b\fs34 \cf2 \cb3 Mode and place of processing the Data\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 Methods of processing\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf4 \cb3 The Data Controller processes the Data of Users in a proper manner and shall take appropriate security measures to prevent unauthorized access, disclosure, modification, or unauthorized destruction of the Data.\cb1 \
\cb3 The Data processing is carried out using computers and/or IT enabled tools, following organizational procedures and modes strictly related to the purposes indicated. In addition to the Data Controller, in some cases, the Data may be accessible to certain types of persons in charge, involved with the operation of the site (administration, sales, marketing, legal, system administration) or external parties (such as third-party technical service providers, mail carriers, hosting providers, IT companies, communications agencies) appointed, if necessary, as Data Processors by the Owner. The updated list of these parties may be requested from the Data Controller at any time.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb3 Place\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf4 \cb3 The Data is processed at the Data Controller's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved with the processing are located. For further information, please contact the Data Controller.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb3 Retention time\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf4 \cb3 The Data is kept for the time necessary to provide the service requested by the User, or stated by the purposes outlined in this document, and the User can always request that the Data Controller suspend or remove the data.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b\fs34 \cf2 \cb3 The use of the collected Data\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs26 \cf4 \cb3 The Data concerning the User is collected to allow the Owner to provide its services, as well as for the following purposes: Device permissions for Personal Data access.\cb1 \
\cb3 The Personal Data used for each purpose is outlined in the specific sections of this document.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b\fs34 \cf2 \cb3 Device permissions for Personal Data access\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs26 \cf4 \cb3 Depending on the User's specific device, this Application may request certain permissions that allow it to access the User's device Data as described below.\cb1 \
\cb3 By default, these permissions must be granted by the User before the respective information can be accessed. Once the permission has been given, it can be revoked by the User at any time. In order to revoke these permissions, Users may refer to the device settings or contact the Owner for support at the contact details provided in the present document.\cb1 \
\cb3 The exact procedure for controlling app permissions may be dependent on the User's device and software.\cb1 \
\cb3 Please note that the revoking of such permissions might impact the proper functioning of this Application.\cb1 \
\cb3 If User grants any of the permissions listed below, the respective Personal Data may be processed (i.e accessed to, modified or removed) by this Application.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb3 Approximate location permission (continuous)\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Used for accessing the User's approximate device location. This Application may collect, use, and share User location Data in order to provide location-based services.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb3 Approximate location permission (non-continuous)\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Used for accessing the User's approximate device location. This Application may collect, use, and share User location Data in order to provide location-based services.\cb1 \
\cb3 The geographic location of the User is determined in a manner that isn't continuous. This means that it is impossible for this Application to derive the approximate position of the User on a continuous basis.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb3 Bluetooth sharing permission\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Used for accessing Bluetooth related functions such as scanning for devices, connecting with devices, and allowing data transfer between devices.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb3 Calendar permission\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Used for accessing the calendar on the User's device, including the reading, adding and removing of entries.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb3 Camera permission\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Used for accessing the camera or capturing images and video from the device.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb3 Contacts permission\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Used for accessing contacts and profiles on the User's device, including the changing of entries.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb3 HomeKit permission\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Used for accessing the HomeKit framework and enabling this app to interact with physical accessories in the User's surrounding environment.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb3 Microphone permission\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Used for accessing and recording microphone audio from the User's device.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb3 Motion sensors permission\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Used for accessing the User's device motion sensors to measure the User's activity such as step counts, stairs climbed, and movement type (walking, cycling, etc.).\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb3 Phone permission\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Used for accessing a host of typical features associated with telephony. This enables, for instance, read-only access to the \'93phone state\'94, which means it enables access to the phone number of the device, current mobile network information, or the status of any ongoing calls.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb3 Precise location permission (continuous)\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Used for accessing the User's precise device location. This Application may collect, use, and share User location Data in order to provide location-based services.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb3 Precise location permission (non-continuous)\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Used for accessing the User's precise device location. This Application may collect, use, and share User location Data in order to provide location-based services.\cb1 \
\cb3 The geographic location of the User is determined in a manner that isn't continuous. This means that it is impossible for this Application to derive the exact position of the User on a continuous basis.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb3 Reminders permission\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Used for accessing the Reminders app on the User's device, including the reading, adding and removing of entries.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb3 Sensors permission\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Used for accessing data from sensors that Users may use to measure what is happening inside their body, such as for instance, heart rate.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb3 SMS permission\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Used for accessing features related to the User's messaging including the sending, receiving and reading of SMS.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb3 Social media accounts permission\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Used for accessing the User's social media account profiles, such as Facebook and Twitter.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb3 Storage permission\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Used for accessing shared external storage, including the reading and adding of any items.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b\fs34 \cf2 \cb3 Detailed information on the processing of Personal Data\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs26 \cf4 \cb3 Personal Data is collected for the following purposes and using the following services:\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\b \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 		\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Device permissions for Personal Data access\cb1 \uc0\u8232 
\b0 \cf4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b\fs34 \cf2 \cb3 Additional information about Data collection and processing\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 Legal action\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf4 \cb3 The User's Personal Data may be used for legal purposes by the Data Controller, in Court or in the stages leading to possible legal action arising from improper use of this Application or the related services.\cb1 \
\cb3 The User declares to be aware that the Data Controller may be required to reveal personal data upon request of public authorities.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb3 Additional information about User's Personal Data\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf4 \cb3 In addition to the information contained in this privacy policy, this Application may provide the User with additional and contextual information concerning particular services or the collection and processing of Personal Data upon request.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb3 System logs and maintenance\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf4 \cb3 For operation and maintenance purposes, this Application and any third-party services may collect files that record interaction with this Application (System logs) or use for this purpose other Personal Data (such as IP Address).\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb3 Information not contained in this policy\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf4 \cb3 More details concerning the collection or processing of Personal Data may be requested from the Data Controller at any time. Please see the contact information at the beginning of this document.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb3 The rights of Users\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf4 \cb3 Users have the right, at any time, to know whether their Personal Data has been stored and can consult the Data Controller to learn about their contents and origin, to verify their accuracy or to ask for them to be supplemented, cancelled, updated or corrected, or for their transformation into anonymous format or to block any data held in violation of the law, as well as to oppose their treatment for any and all legitimate reasons. Requests should be sent to the Data Controller at the contact information set out above.\cb1 \
\cb3 This Application does not support \'93Do Not Track\'94 requests.\cb1 \
\cb3 To determine whether any of the third-party services it uses honor the \'93Do Not Track\'94 requests, please read their privacy policies.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb3 Changes to this privacy policy\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf4 \cb3 The Data Controller reserves the right to make changes to this privacy policy at any time by giving notice to its Users on this page. It is strongly recommended to check this page often, referring to the date of the last modification listed at the bottom. If a User objects to any of the changes to the Policy, the User must cease using this Application and can request that the Data Controller remove the Personal Data. Unless stated otherwise, the then-current privacy policy applies to all Personal Data the Data Controller has about Users.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb3 Information about this privacy policy\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0 \cf4 \cb3 The Data Controller is responsible for this privacy policy, prepared starting from the modules provided by Iubenda and hosted on Iubenda's servers.\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b \cf2 \cb3 Definitions and legal references\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\b0\fs22 \cf4 \cb3 Latest update: January 22, 2018\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.iubenda.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \cb3 iubenda}}\cb3  hosts this page and collects {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.iubenda.com/privacy-policy/877900"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 some Personal Data}} about Users}